honey possum joeys weigh less than a
grain of rice
and finish growing inside their mother's
pouch yup just like kangaroos
they're ready to venture out on their
own at 11 weeks
the north american leash shrew weighs no
more than a raindrop at birth
by 21 days these teeny tiny animals are
ready to begin an
independent life chinese crocodile
lizards have live
young strangely like mammals the
newborns weigh less than a jelly bean
and can feed themselves almost
immediately
the parents don't raise their young
pygmy mouse lemurs are the world's
smallest primate
they only weigh 1 ounce when they're
adults so it comes as no surprise that
newborns weigh
less than a nail koala joeys are born
hairless
and their eyes and ears don't even work
yet yet within 9 to 10 months
they venture out of the pouch but can
return there to sleep or if it's wet and
cold
kangaroo joey is just one one hundred
thousandths of the animal's full-grown
size
at six months they start making short
trips out of the pouch
by eight months the kangaroo is fully
independent
newborn hedgehogs are covered with small
bumps where their 150 soft bendy spikes
will come out in 24 hours as they grow
those will turn into 8
000 hard pointy quills
skunks win outs at birth about as much
as a light bulb
at six weeks they start to make short
trips with their mother
at four to five months they're on their
own little stinkers
[Music]
a baby cottontail rabbit weighs a bit
more than a double a battery
but they grow fast at four to five weeks
they're ready to start their own life
[Music]
snowy owl chicks weigh as much as a golf
ball when they hatch
and start flying at six weeks these
arctic birds have feathers on their feet
like warm slippers a newly hatched
saltwater crocodile weighs around two
and a half ounces
and will stick with mom for eight months
they're the largest crocodile species in
the world
bald eagle chicks weigh only a few
ounces and fly the coop at six weeks
bald eagles make the biggest nest of any
bird their homes can weigh two to three
tons
flamingo chicks weigh as much as a
tennis ball born gray and white
they turn pink thanks to algae they
consume flamingos reach maturity by age
five their plastic friends live in my
front yard
a kitten weighs between three and six
ounces at birth depending on the breed
they can double their birth weight
within a single week kittens are ready
to leave their mom
at eight weeks baby badgers are about as
heavy as a baseball
they develop pretty fast and already
know how to find food for themselves at
three months
red pandas are born well equipped they
already have fur to protect them from
the cold
newborn red pandas weigh the same as a
kitten and they stay with their mother
for 12 weeks
giant panda cubs are just one nine
hundredth the size they'll eventually
grow to
they live with their mother for a little
over a year
komodo dragon babies weigh three and a
half ounces
after hatching they immediately run away
to protect themselves from
other komodos yup they're independent
from birth
and they'll grow 700 times their size
screaming hairy armadillos yeah that's
the name
average 5 ounces when they're born and
can't see for up to a month after
that armadillos wean from their mother
at two months
a dingo pup weighs about as much as an
eight ball
they first leave the den at eight weeks
and they're independent from mom at
seven months old
a baby sloth is born pretty ready for
this life fully furred and able to climb
they still stay with their mother for
the first year or two of life
emperor penguin chicks weigh as much as
a can of soup at birth
but they'll grow a hundred times that
since this is the biggest penguin
species
in five months they're no longer
dependent on their parents
a newborn wolf pup weighs a little more
than a football
they'll get out of the den for the first
time when they're three weeks old
and reach full maturity around two years
of age
newly hatched emo chicks weigh a little
more than a pound
surprisingly it's the father who
incubates the eggs
he stays with the chicks for half a year
[Music]
polar bear cubs will grow 800 times
their size over a life
they begin walking in the den at two
months even though they grow quickly
most cubs stay with their mom for a
couple of years
the northern pudu is the smallest deer
species
they weigh 2 pounds at birth and can
live without their parents
after 8 to 12 months an
ostrich chick is larger than any other
baby bird
they're as big as chickens right from
the start they reach full growth in one
year
newborn tiger cubs weigh just over two
and a half pounds
by 18 months they know how to hunt by
three
they're ready to leave their mom and
establish their own territory
at birth a piglet usually weighs around
3 pounds
they need to stay with their mother
until they're 8 weeks old
speaks gazelle fawns weigh the same but
they stick with mom for up to three
months
they're the smallest gazelle species
a newborn lion cub is blind at birth
cubs don't leave their mother until
two years when they're ready to join the
pride and hunt by themselves
giant anteater pups are surprisingly
strong and can climb on their mother's
back
they also become independent at two
years of age
a newborn chimpanzee weighs four pounds
and is extremely helpless
just like humans they develop very
slowly still
they leave their mom after only six to
nine years but have a lifelong bond with
her
newborn gorillas surprisingly don't
weigh much more than baby chimps
but they'll grow almost 70 times in size
they become independent much sooner at 3
years
next comes our own species after our 8
cousins
human babies average 7 pounds and
statistics show that most people move
out of their parents house
at 19 years that must be an old
statistic
a newborn lamb weighs as much as a milk
jug they're ready to start their own
independent life after just two months
baby alpacas are huge at almost 20
pounds
they're a whopping one-eighth the size
of their full-grown parents
cries that's what the younglings are
called are usually weaned at six months
a donkey full can stand after just 30
minutes of entering this world
they're ready to live without their
folks at six months as well
elk calves weigh about half as much as a
dalmatian
they'll grow nine times their already
large size
and typically stay with mom for two to
five months
a weddell seal pub weighs twice as much
as a young elk
and it'll double its size during his
first two weeks of life
they start swimming on their own at two
weeks
zebra calves are well developed and
weigh around 70 pounds
they can stand on their own after 10 to
20 minutes and an hour later
they can run hey you gotta earn those
stripes
a baby camo weighs 80 pounds and can
walk within 30 minutes
they become fully mature by age five
straight from the get-go baby hippos
weigh almost as much as a toilet
and they'll grow nearly 70 times that
over their lives
it can take up to one year for them to
start living on their own
baby rhinos are also huge from birth but
they'll grow only around 20 times in
size
they're pretty unsteady for the first
few days of life
at three years the calf will set out on
its own
a newborn horse fall will usually weigh
10 percent of their mother's weight
so sizes can vary depending on the breed
baby horses stay with mom for six months
to a year
a newborn giraffe is as tall as a
refrigerator and weighs 150 pounds
they usually leave their mother after a
year
an african elephant calf weighs about
240 pounds
and drinks three gallons of milk every
day that's six times more than your
stomach can hold
they'll live off mom for up to six years
an orca calf weighs as much as a
reindeer at birth
it'll grow 25 times in size
based on weight alone blue whale babies
are the hugest by far
at 5 500 pounds they weigh more than a
car
and they'll keep the family title as the
largest animal on the planet and grow 40
times their already massive size
but the biggest baby out there if you
compare to full grown size
is the kiwi the egg can be up to a
quarter of the mother's body size ow
like many birds the chicks are ready to
fly the coop at six weeks
well if they could fly